feat: Add postinst script to install mlnx ofed with new kernel version (#27)
mila-iqia/ansible-role-infiniband: README.md

    infiniband_configure_repos: True
    infiniband_install_kernel_modules: True

### Kernel upgrade

Build mlnx-ofed-kernel modules with DKMS during kernel header post-installation, before any other modules.
By default, this build process is triggered only during a kernel upgrade. 

> Therefore, the variable governing this operation is typically false by default

Reviewer: Is it possible to wrap the text to 80 columns as the rest of the README?

    infiniband_configure_repos: True
    infiniband_install_kernel_modules: True

### Kernel upgrade

Build mlnx-ofed-kernel modules with DKMS during kernel header post-installation,

> before any other modules. By default, this build process is triggered only during
> a kernel upgrade. Therefore, the variable governing this operation is typically
> false by default

Reviewer: Rewrite to remove ambiguous "by default".

```suggestion
before any other modules. This build process is triggered during a kernel upgrade.
The variable defaults to false.
```

>     infiniband_dkms_postinst: False

Reviewer: Needs a blank line here to render properly in markdown.

### Kernel upgrade

Build mlnx-ofed-kernel modules with DKMS during kernel header post-installation,

> before any other modules.By default, this build process is triggered only during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before any other modules. By default, this build process is triggered only during
```

> a kernel upgrade.Therefore, the variable governing this operation is typically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a kernel upgrade. Therefore, the variable governing this operation is typically
```
